THE

OF THE

OF AMERICA

Authored on September 22, 2018
Re-Adopted May 12, 2025
As amended

2 THE CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED STATES
CONSTITUTION OF THE
UNITED STATES
—————-—-—-—-—-————
WE THE PEOPLE of the United States,
in Order to form a more perfect Union,
establish Justice, insure domestic
Tranquility, provide for the common
defence, promote the general Welfare, and
secure the Blessings of Liberty to ourselves
and our Prosperity, do ordain and establish
this Constitution for the United States of
America.

ARTICLE I

SECTION 1.
All legislative Powers herein granted shall
be vested in a Congress of the United
States, which shall consist of a Senate and
House of Representatives.

SECTION 2.
The House of Representatives shall be
composed of twenty Representatives,
divided into two classes, each being
composed of ten members, chosen every
two months at times determined by the
Federal Elections Commission by the
People.
No Person shall be a Representative who
shall not have attained to the Age of six
Months on ROBLOX, and been one
Month a Citizen of the United States, and
who shall, when elected, be an Inhabitant
of a different United States of America

group on ROBLOX; citizenship by an
Individual in the United States shall be
defined as membership within the Group
except for within the ranks “Immigration
Office” and “Foreign Ambassador”, unless
Congress by majority vote on a public
forum grants an exception on an individual
basis; one cannot be a Citizen of the United
States while inhabiting a different United
States of America group on ROBLOX
concurrently.
If vacancies happen by Resignation or
otherwise in the House, there shall be
special elections to fill such Vacancies.
The House of Representatives shall chuse
their Speaker and other Officers; and shall
have the sole Power of Impeachment.

SECTION 3.
The Senate of the United States shall be
composed of twelve Senators, divided into
two classes, each being composed of six
members, each class being chosen every
four months at times determined by the
Federal Election Commission by the
People.
If Vacancies happen by Resignation or
otherwise in the Senate, there shall be
special elections to fill such Vacancies.
No Person shall be a Senator who shall not
have attained to the Age of six Months on
ROBLOX, and been two Months a Citizen
of the United States, and who shall, when
elected, be an Inhabitant of a different
United States of America group on
ROBLOX.
The Vice President of the United States
shall be President of the Senate, but shall

3 THE CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED STATES
have no Vote, unless they be equally
divided.
The Senate shall chuse their other Officers,
and also a President pro tempore, in the
Absence of the Vice President, or when he
shall exercise the Office of President of the
United States.
The Senate shall have the sole Power to try
all Impeachments. When sitting for that
Purpose, they shall be on Oath or
Affirmation. When the President of the
United States is tried, the Chief Justice
shall preside: And no Person shall be
convicted without the Concurrence of two
thirds of the Senate’s Members on a public
forum vote.
Judgement in Cases of Impeachment shall
not extend further than to removal from
Office, and disqualification to hold and
enjoy any Office of honor, Trust or Profit
under the United States: but the Party
convicted shall nevertheless be liable and
subject to Indictment, Trial, Judgement
and Punishment, according to Law.

SECTION 4.
The Times, Places and Manner of holding
Elections for Senators and Representatives,
shall be prescribed by the Congress as a
body; but the Federal Elections
Commission, ran by Clan Managers, may
at any time make or alter such Regulations.
The Houses of Congress shall assemble at
least once in every Week.

SECTION 5.
A 1⁄3 of members of each shall count as a
Quorum to do Business in-game except in
cases of Impeachments, Expulsions and
Convictions; a simple majority of each
entire Body shall be required to do
Business on public forum; a two thirds
majority of each entire Body on public
forum shall be required to do Business
requiring two thirds votes; but a smaller
Number may adjourn from day to day, and
may be authorized to compel the
Attendance of absent Members, in such
Manner, and under such Penalties as each
House may provide.
Each House may determine the Rules of its
Proceedings, punish its Members for
disorderly behavior, and, with the
Concurrence of two thirds, expel a
Member and or Officer; in the cases of
expelling Officers, each House must
specify whether the Officer shall retain
their Membership therein or they shall lose
it as well.
Each House shall keep an online Database
of its Proceedings, and from time to time
publish the same, excepting such Parts as
may in their Judgement require Secrecy;
and the Yeas and Nays of the Members of
either House on any business shall be
recorded.
Neither House shall, without the Consent
of the other, adjourn for more than one
Week, nor to any other Place than that in
which the two Houses shall be sitting.

SECTION 6.
The Senators and Representatives shall in
all Cases, except Treason, Felony and

4 THE CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED STATES
Breach of the Peace, be privileged from
Arrest during their Attendance at the
Session of their respective Houses, and in
going to and returning from the same; and
for any Speech or Debate in either House,
they shall not be questioned in any other
Place.
No Senator or Representative shall, during
the Time for which he was elected, be
appointed to a civil office except by granted
leave of Congress.

SECTION 7.
Every Bill which shall have passed the
House of Representatives and the Senate,
shall, before it become a Law, be presented
to the President of the United States; If he
approve he shall sign it, but if not he shall
return it, with his Objections to that House
in which it shall have originated, who shall
enter the Objections at large on their
Database, and proceed to reconsider it. If
after such Reconsideration two thirds of
that House shall agree to pass the Bill, it
shall be sent, together with the Objections,
to the other House, by which it shall
likewise be reconsidered, and if approved
by two thirds of that House, it shall become
a Law. But in all such Cases the Votes of
both Houses shall be determined by Yeas
and Nays, and the Names of the Persons
voting for and against the Bill shall be
entered on the Database of each House
respectively. If any Bill shall not be
returned by the President within ten Days
after it shall have been presented to him,
the Same shall be a Law, in like Manner as
if he had signed it, unless the Congress by
their Adjournment prevent its Return, in
which Case it shall not be a Law.

Every Order, Resolution, or Vote which
has the force of law to which the
Concurrence of the Senate and House of
Representatives may be necessary (except
on a question of Adjournment) shall be
presented to the President of the United
States; and before the Same shall take
Effect, shall be approved by him, or being
disapproved by him, shall be repassed by
two thirds of the Senate and House of
Representatives, according to the Rules
and Limitations prescribed in the Case of a
Bill.

SECTION 8.
The Congress shall have Power to pay the
Debts and provide for the common
Defence and general Welfare of the United
States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises
shall be uniform throughout the United
States;
To borrow Money on the credit of the
United States,
To regulate all Commerce and Commerce
with the Indian Tribes;
To establish a uniform Rule of
Naturalization, and uniform Laws on the
subject of Bankruptcies throughout the
United States;
To promote the Progress of Science and
useful Arts, by securing for limited Times
to Authors and Inventors the exclusive
Right to their respective Writings and
Discoveries;
To constitute tribunals inferior to the
supreme Court;

5 THE CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED STATES
To declare War, grant Letters of Marque
and Reprisal, and make Rules concerning
Captures on Land and Water;
To raise and support Armies, but no
Appropriation of Money to that Use shall
be for a longer Term than two Months;
To provide and maintain a Navy;
To make Rules for the Government and
Regulation of the land and naval Forces;
To provide for calling forth the Militia to
execute the Laws of the Union, suppress
Insurrections and repel Invasions.
To provide for organizing, arming,
appointing Officers of, and disciplining,
the Militia, and for governing such Part of
them as may be employed in the Service of
the United States;
To exercise exclusive Legislation in all
Cases whatsoever, over such District as

may, by the Acceptance of Congress, be-
come the Seat of the Government of the

United States, and to exercise like
Authority over all Places of the United
States for the Erection of Forts, Magazines,
Arsenals, dock-Yards, and other needful
buildings;—And
To make all Laws which shall be necessary
and proper for carrying into Execution the
foregoing Powers, and all other Powers
vested by this Constitution in the
Government.

SECTION 9.
The Privilege of the Writ of Habeas Corpus
shall not be suspended, unless when in
Cases of Rebellion or Invasion the public
Safety may require it.

No Bill of Attainder or ex post facto Law
shall be passed.

No Money shall be drawn from the
Treasury, but in Consequence of
Appropriations made by Law; and a
regular Statement and Account of the
Receipts and Expenditures of all public
Money shall be published from time to
time.
No Title of Nobility shall be granted by the
United States:
And no Person holding any Office of Profit
or Trust under them, shall, without the
Consent of the Congress, accept of any
present, Emolument, Office, or Title, of
any kind whatever, from any King, Prince,
or foreign State.

SECTION 10.
No Municipality shall enter into any
Treaty, Alliance, or Confederation; grant
Letters of Marque and Reprisal coin
money; emit Bills of Credit; pass any Bill of
Attainder, ex post facto Law, or Law
impairing the Obligation of Contracts, or
grant any Title of Nobility.
No Municipality shall, without the
Consent of Congress, lay any Duty of
Tonnage, keep Troops, or Ships of War in
time of Peace, enter into any Agreement or
Compact with another Municipality, or
with a foreign Power, or engage in War,
unless actually invaded, or in such
imminent Danger as will not admit of
delay.

6 THE CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED STATES
SECTION 11.
The Senate and House of Representatives
shall have the Power to create respective as
well as joint- Congressional Committees
for the purpose of sub-organization and
investigation, whose Chairman and Vice
Chairman shall be voted on by their
Respective Houses, or in the case of joint
committees the entire Congress assembled;
and shall be regulated by the election
Committee established by Congress.

ARTICLE II

SECTION 1.
The executive Power shall be vested in a
President of the United States of America.
He shall hold his Office during the Term of
six Months, and, together with the Vice
President, chosen for the same Term, be
elected, as follows
The President shall be elected by popular
vote of electors, who must be current
citizens who have been naturalized for at
least one Month and who are not
Inhabitants of a different United States of
America group on ROBLOX. After the
Votes shall have been counted, the Person
having the greatest Number of Votes shall
become President.
The Congress may determine the Day on
which the Electors shall give their votes.
No person except a Citizen of the United
States shall be eligible to the Office of
President; neither shall any Person be
eligible to that Office who shall not have
attained to the Age six Months on

ROBLOX, and been six Months a Citizen
within the United States, and who shall,
when elected, be an Inhabitant of a
different United States of America group
on ROBLOX. In Case of the Removal of
the President from Office, or of his actual
Death, Resignation, or Inability to
discharge the Powers and Duties of the said
Office, the Same shall devolve on the Vice
President, and the Congress may by Law
provide for the Case of Removal, actual
Death, Resignation or Inability, both of the
President and Vice President, declaring
what Officer shall then act as President,
and such Officer shall act accordingly, until
the Disability be removed, or a President
shall be elected.
Before he enter on the Execution of his
Office, he shall take the following Oath or
Affirmation in-game:—‘‘I do solemnly
swear (or affirm) that I will faithfully
execute the Office of President of the
United States, and will to the best of my
Ability, preserve, protect and defend the
Constitution of the United States.’’

SECTION 2.
The President shall be Commander in
Chief of the Army and Navy of the United
States, and of the Militia, when called into
the actual Service of the United States; he
may require the Opinion, in writing, of the
principal Officer in each of the executive
Departments, upon any Subject relating to
the Duties of their respective Offices, and
he shall have Power to grant Reprieves and
Pardons for Offences against the United
States, except in Cases of Impeachment.
He shall have Power, by and with the
Advice and Consent of the Senate, to make

7 THE CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED STATES
Treaties, provided two thirds of the
Senators present concur; and he shall
nominate, and by and with the Advice and
Consent of the Senate, shall appoint
Ambassadors, other public Ministers and
Consuls, Judges of the supreme Court, and
all other Officers of the United States,
whose Appointments are not herein
otherwise provided for, and which shall be
established by Law: but the Congress may
by Law vest the Appointment of such
inferior Officers, as they think proper, in
the President alone, in the Courts of Law,
or in the Heads of Departments.

SECTION 3.
He shall from time to time give to the
Congress Information of the State of the
Union, and recommend to their
Consideration such Measures as he shall
judge necessary and expedient; he may, on
extraordinary Occasions, convene both
Houses, or either of them, and in Case of
Disagreement between them, with Respect
to the Time of Adjournment, he may
adjourn them to such Time as he shall
think proper; he shall receive Ambassadors
and other public Ministers; he shall take
Care that the Laws be faithfully executed,
and shall Commission all the Officers of
the United States.

SECTION 4.
The President, Vice President and all civil
Officers of the United States, shall be
removed from Office on Impeachment for,
and Conviction of, Treason, Bribery,
severe inactivity, or other high Crimes and
Misdemeanors.

ARTICLE III

SECTION 1.
The judicial Power of the United States,
shall be vested in one supreme Court, and
in such inferior Courts as the Congress may
from time to time ordain and establish. The
Judges, both of the supreme and inferior
Courts, shall hold their Offices during good
Behaviour.

SECTION 2.
The judicial Power shall extend to all
Cases, in Law and Equity, arising under
this Constitution, the Laws of the United
States, and Treaties made, or which shall
be made, under their Authority;—to all
Cases affecting Ambassadors, other public
Ministers and Consuls;— to all Cases of
admiralty and maritime Jurisdiction;—to
Controversies to which the United States
will be a party;— to Controversies between
two or more Municipalities;— between a
Municipality and Citizens of another
Municipality;— between Citizens of
different Municipalities,— between
Citizens of the same Municipality claiming
Lands under Grants of different
Municipalities, and between a
Municipality, or the Citizens thereof, and
foreign States, Citizens or Subjects. No
court shall be established by a
Municipality.
In all Cases affecting Ambassadors, other
public Ministers and Consuls, and those in
which a Municipality shall be Party, the
supreme Court shall have original
Jurisdiction. In all the other Cases before

8 THE CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED STATES
mentioned, the supreme Court shall have
appellate Jurisdiction, both as to Law and
Fact, with such Exceptions, and under
such Regulations as the Congress shall
make.
The Trial of all Crimes, except in Cases of
Impeachment, shall be by Jury or, with
consent of the defendant or defendants,
Bench; and such Trial shall be held in a
federal district Court, except for cases
arising in the Army and Navy of the United
States and the Militia, whose Trials shall be
held in a Place or Places as the Congress
may by Law have directed.

SECTION 3.
Treason against the United States, shall
consist only in levying War against them,
or in adhering to their Enemies, giving
them Aid and Comfort. No Person shall be
convicted of Treason unless on the
Testimony of two Witnesses to the same
overt Act, or on Confession in open Court.
The Congress shall have Power to declare
the Punishment of Treason, but no
Attainder of Treason shall work
Corruption of Blood, or Forfeiture except
during the Life of the Person attainted.

SECTION 4.
The supreme Court shall have the power at
anytime when it deems necessary to
exercise a Review of the Executive or
Legislative branches, and through this
exercise may overturn any Law, executive
Order, or other action if it finds it to be
unconstitutional or unlawful; the supreme
Court may issue all Writs necessary or

appropriate in aid of its respective
jurisdictions to carry out these Reviews.

SECTION 5.
Invested in all courts of the Judiciary shall
be the ability to issue Warrants for arrest
upon entering of charges by the federal
Government;
Unless a trial occurs within seventy two
hours of the issuance of the Warrant and
charges have been actively pursued by the
federal Government for its duration, it
shall be removed.
The supreme Court shall have the sole
power to issue arrest Warrants on groups,
and shall remove them unless a trial occurs
within seventy two hours of the issuance of
the Warrant and charges have been
actively pursued by the federal
Government for its duration.

ARTICLE IV

SECTION 1.
Full faith and Credit shall be given in each
Municipality to the public Acts, Records
and Proceedings of every other
Municipality. And the Congress may by
general Laws prescribe the Manner in
which such Acts, Records and Proceedings
shall be proved, and the Effect thereof.
SECTION 2.
Americans shall be entitled to all Privileges
and Immunities in the several
Municipalities.

9 THE CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED STATES
SECTION 3.
New Municipalities may be admitted by
Congress into this Union but no new
Municipality shall be formed or erected
within the Jurisdiction of any other
Municipality; nor any Municipality be
formed by the Junction of two or more
Municipalities, or Parts of Municipalities,
without the Consent of the Legislatures of
the Municipalities concerned as well as of
the Congress.
The Congress shall have Power to dispose
of and make all needful Rules and
Regulations respecting the Territory or
other Property belonging to the United
States; and nothing in this Constitution
shall be so construed as to Prejudice any
Claims of the United States, or of any
particular Municipality.

SECTION 4.
The United States shall guarantee to every
Municipality in this Union a Republican
Form of Government, and shall protect
each of them against Invasion; and on
Application of the Legislature, or of the
Executive (when the Legislature cannot be
convened) against domestic Violence.

ARTICLE V

SECTION 1.
The Congress, whenever two thirds of both
Houses shall deem it necessary, shall
propose Amendments to this Constitution,
which shall take effect after review,

comment and approval of a majority of the
Supreme Court sitting for that purpose.
Such review, comment and approval, or
lack of approval, shall be transmitted by the
Supreme Court within ten days. If the
Supreme Court shall not transmit any
review, comment, approval, or lack of
approval, within ten days, it shall be
returned to the Congress as not approved
by the Supreme Court.

SECTION 2.
The Congress may, after receiving notice of
rejection of a proposed amendment by the
Supreme Court, return such amendment to
the floor of each Chamber to be approved
by two-thirds of the total membership of
each chamber, in which case it shall take
effect.

ARTICLES IN ADDITION TO,
AND AMENDMENT OF,
THE CONSTITUTION OF THE
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
——————————————————

ARTICLE I.

Congress shall make no law respecting an
establishment of religion, or prohibiting the
free exercise thereof; or abridging the
freedom of speech, or of the press; of the
right of the people peaceably to assemble,
and to petition the Government for a
redress of grievances.

10 THE CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED STATES

ARTICLE II.

A well-regulated Militia, being necessary
to the security of a free State, the right of
the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not
be infringed.

ARTICLE III.

No Soldier shall, in time of peace be
quartered in any house, without the
consent of the Owner, nor in time of war,
but in a manner to be prescribed by law.

ARTICLE IV.

The right of the people to be secure in their
persons, houses, papers, and effects,
against unreasonable searches and
seizures, shall not be violated, and no
Warrants shall issue, but upon probable
cause, supported by Oath or affirmation,
and particularly describing the place to be
searched, and the persons or things to be
seized.

ARTICLE V.

No person shall be subject for the same
offence twice; nor shall be compelled in
any criminal case to be a witness against
himself, nor be deprived of life, liberty, or
property, without due process of law; nor
shall private property be taken for public
use, without just compensation.

ARTICLE VI.

In all criminal prosecutions, the accused
shall enjoy the right to a speedy and public

trial, by an impartial jury of the United
States of America group, and to be
informed of the nature and cause of the
accusation; to be confronted with the
witnesses against him; to have compulsory
process for obtaining witnesses in his favor,
and to have the Assistance of Counsel for
his defense.

ARTICLE VII.

In Suits at common law, where the value in
controversy shall exceed five thousand
dollars of in-game currency, the right of
trial by jury shall be preserved, and no fact

tried by a jury, shall be otherwise re-
examined in any Court of the United

States, than according to the rules of the
common law.

ARTICLE VIII.

Excessive bail shall not be required, nor
excessive fines imposed, nor cruel and
unusual punishments inflicted.

ARTICLE IX.
The enumeration in the Constitution, of
certain rights, shall not be construed to
deny or disparage others retained by the
people.

ARTICLE X.
The powers not delegated to the United
States by the Constitution, nor prohibited
by it to the Municipalities, are reserved to
the Municipalities respectively, or to the
people.

11 THE CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED STATES
ARTICLE XI.
SECTION 1. Holding more than one civil
office is prohibited; acceptance of an office
incompatible with held civil office held is a
resignation from the office first held.
SECTION 2. Civil officer is defined as the
President, Vice President, member of
Congress, officers of the United States
receiving the advice and consent of the
Senate, and the heads, or the principal
deputy of such, of any agency possessing
the use of a team.
SECTION 3. Congress may expand on
what further offices are civil under the
United States but may not encroach upon
the definition laid out in Clause One of this
article.

ARTICLE XII.
In Elections for President of the United
States, Candidates for President of the
United States shall submit in writing to
Congress a letter notifying them of who
they shall have as their Candidate for Vice
President of the United States by no later
than one Week before the election date;
electors shall submit a ballot with the name
of the President of the United States
candidate they prefer, which will
automatically be supplemented with that
Candidate’s choice for their Vice President
of the United States.

ARTICLE XIII.
SECTION 1. Neither slavery nor
involuntary servitude, except as a
punishment for crime whereof the party

shall have been duly convicted, shall exist
within the United States, or any place
subject to their jurisdiction.
SECTION 2. Congress shall have the
power to enforce this article by appropriate
legislation.

ARTICLE XIV.
SECTION 1. All persons born or
naturalized in the United States, and
subject to the jurisdiction thereof, are
citizens of the United States and of the
Municipalities. No Municipality shall
make or enforce any law which shall
abridge the privileges or immunities of
citizens of the United States; nor shall any
Municipality deprive any person of life,
liberty, or property, without due process of
law in a federal district Court; nor deny to
any person within its jurisdiction the equal
protection of the laws.
SECTION 2. No person shall be a Senator
or Representative in Congress, or elector of
President and Vice President, or hold any
office, civil or military, under the United
States, or under any Municipality, who,
having previously taken an oath, as a
member of Congress, or as an officer of the
United States, or as a member of any
Municipal council, or as an executive
officer of any Municipality, to support the
Constitution of the United States, shall
have engaged in insurrection or rebellion
against the same, or given aid or comfort to
the enemies thereof. But Congress may by
a vote of two-thirds of each House on
public forum, remove such disability.
SECTION 3. The Congress shall have
power to enforce, by appropriate
legislation, the provisions of this article.

12 THE CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED STATES

ARTICLE XV.

SECTION 1. The right of citizens of the
United States to vote shall not be denied or
abridged by the United States or by any
Municipality on account of race, color, or
previous condition of servitude.
SECTION 2. The Congress shall have the
power to enforce this article by appropriate
legislation.

ARTICLE XVI.

SECTION 1. The President of the United
States, Vice President of the United States,
and Speaker of the House in concurrence
shall have the right to request from the
people a referendum to veto a Law or an
executive Order, and must receive sixty
percent or more of the people’s consent for
the referendum to pass.
SECTION 2. Ballots cast for the
referendum, which shall last for forty eight
hours and be shouted throughout, by the
people shall be at an appropriate venue,
and the yeas and nays in response to the
referendum question shall be recorded in a
publicly available database, managed by
the Federal Elections Commission,
reaching at minimum two hundred votes
and sixty percent approval.
SECTION 3. If any of the three hosts of the
referendum decide to, they may cancel it.
SECTION 4. Any referendum that does
not reach at least two hundred ballots cast
by the people shall not have effect.
SECTION 5. No more than one
referendum may be proposed each Month.

ARTICLE XVII.

The supreme Court shall have the power to
expel its members or members of the
federal district Court provided two thirds of
the Court vote in favor.

ARTICLE XVIII.

The supreme Court shall have eight judges
(justices) and a Chief Justice, and the
federal district Court shall have fifteen
judges, whose count may be expanded by
Congress but not lowered past fifteen, and
judges appointed shall not be deprived of
their sitting on the Bench due to
congressional adjustment of the federal
district Court’s size.

ARTICLE XIX.

The right of citizens of the United States to
vote shall not be denied or abridged by the
United States or by any Municipality on
account of sex. Congress shall have power
to enforce this article by appropriate
legislation.

ARTICLE XX.

SECTION 1. The inaugurations of the
President and Vice President shall occur on
the 20th day of January and the 20th day of
July following their respective presidential
elections.
SECTION 2. If, at the time fixed for the
beginning of the term of the President, the
President elect shall have actually died or
quit ROBLOX, the Vice President elect
shall become President. If a President shall

13 THE CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED STATES
not have been chosen before the time fixed
for the beginning of his term, or if the
President elect shall have failed to qualify,
then the Vice President elect shall act as
President until a President shall have
qualified; and the Congress may by law
provide for the case wherein neither a
President elect nor a Vice President elect
shall have qualified, declaring who shall
then act as President, or the manner in
which one who is to act shall be selected,
and such person shall act accordingly until
a President or Vice President shall have
qualified.
SECTION 3. The Congress may by law
provide for the case of the actual death or
quitting ROBLOX of any of the persons
from whom the House of Representatives
may choose a President whenever the right
of choice shall have devolved upon them,
and for the case of the actual death or
quitting ROBLOX of any of the persons
from whom the Senate may choose a Vice
President whenever the right of choice
shall have devolved upon them.
SECTION 4. Section 1 shall take effect on
the 15th day of September following the
ratification of this article.

ARTICLE XXI.

When a member of the supreme Court
wishes, he may take upon the duties of a
federal district Court judge in addition to
his on the Court and cease such at his
convenience.

ARTICLE XXII.

SECTION 1. No person shall be elected to
the office of the President more than twice,
and no person who has held the office of
President, or acted as President, for more
than three months of a term of which some
other person was elected President shall be
elected to the office of the President more
than once. But this Article shall not prevent
any person who may be holding the office
of President, or acting as President, during
the term within which this Article becomes
operative from holding the office of
President or acting as President during the
remainder of such term.

ARTICLE XXIII.

Before a Senator or Representative is able
to exercise his Office, he must take the
following Oath or Affirmation in-game: “I
do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I have
never voluntarily borne arms against the
United States since I have been a citizen
thereof; that I have voluntarily given no

aid, countenance, counsel, or encoura-
gement to persons engaged in armed

hostility thereto; that I have neither sought
nor accepted nor attempted to exercise the
functions of any office whatever, under any
authority or pretended authority in
hostility to the United States; that I have
not yielded a voluntary support to any
pretended government, authority, power or
constitution within the United States,
hostile or inimical thereto. And I do further
swear (or affirm) that, to the best of my
knowledge and ability, I will support and
defend the Constitution of the United
States, against all enemies, foreign and
domestic; that I will bear true faith and

14 THE CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED STATES
allegiance to the same; that I take this
obligation freely, without any mental
reservation or purpose of evasion, and that
I will well and faithfully discharge the
duties of the office on which I am about to
enter.”

ARTICLE XXIV.

SECTION 1. The right of citizens of the
United States to vote in any primary or

other election for President or Vice Presi-
dent, for electors for President or Vice

President, or for Sena- tor or
Representative in Congress, shall not be
denied or abridged by the United States or
any Municipality by reason of failure to
pay any debt.
SECTION 2. The Congress shall have
power to enforce this article by appropriate
legislation.

ARTICLE XXV.

SECTION 1. In case of the removal of the
President from office or of his actual death,
quitting ROBLOX, or resignation, the Vice
President shall become President.
SECTION 2. Whenever there is a vacancy
in the office of Vice President, the
President shall nominate a Vice President
who shall take office upon confirmation by
a majority vote of both Houses of Congress
on public forum.
SECTION 3. Whenever the President
transmits to the President pro tempore of
the Senate and the Speaker of the House of
Representatives his written declaration that
he is unable to discharge the powers and
duties of his office, and until he transmits

to them a written declaration to the
contrary, such powers and duties shall be
discharged by the Vice President as Acting
President.
SECTION 4. Whenever the Vice President
and a unanimous consent of the principal
officers of the executive departments
transmit to the President pro tempore of
the Senate and the Speaker of the House of
Representatives their written declaration
that the President is unable to discharge the
powers and duties of his office, the Vice
President shall immediately assume the
powers and duties of the office as Acting
President. Thereafter, when the President
transmits to the President pro tempore of
the Senate and the Speaker of the House of
Representatives his written declaration that
no inability exists, he shall resume the
powers and duties of his office unless the
Vice President and a unanimous consent of
the principal officers of the executive
transmit within two days to the President
pro tempore of the Senate and the Speaker
of the House of Representatives their
written declaration that the President is
unable to discharge the powers and duties
of his office. Thereupon if Congress shall
determine by two-thirds vote of both
Houses on public forum that the President
is unable to discharge the powers and
duties of his office, the Vice President shall
continue to discharge the same as Acting
President; otherwise, the President shall
resume the powers and duties of his office.

ARTICLE XXVI.

SECTION 1. The right of citizens of the
United States, who have attained an age of
two months membership or more on

15 THE CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED STATES
ROBLOX, to vote shall not be denied or
abridged by the United States or any
Municipality on account of age.
SECTION 2. The Congress shall have
power to enforce this article by appropriate
legislation.

ARTICLE XXVII.

No law, varying the benefits for the
services of the Senators and
Representatives, shall take effect in either
respective House, until an election for that
respective House shall have intervened.

ARTICLE XXVIII.
No person shall be arbitrarily deprived of
their Vote in elections, and Congress shall
enforce this article by appropriate
legislation.

ARTICLE XXVIX.
No laws of the United States in operation
at the time of ratification of this new
Constitution shall become inoperable
unless they conflict with this Constitution,
and officeholders of offices which are
contained in both the prior and this
Constitution shall remain in their offices
for the same length of time as would occur
under the prior Constitution.

ARTICLE XXX.

SECTION 1. Congress may, with two-
thirds of both Houses concurring, allow an

alternative voting method to that of

forums, which shall be used in cases of
Impeachment, Expulsion, Conviction, or
other situations that require a vote to be
conducted outside of sessions.
SECTION 2. When approving such new
method of voting, it shall state its purpose
and any functions it may have towards the
preferred way of voting adopted by either
House. No new method of voting shall be
operable unless such method allows for all
members of individual Houses to be in
attendance.

ARTICLE XXXI.

SECTION 1. The executive Power shall be
vested in a President of the United States of
America. He shall hold his Office during
the Term of four Months, and, together
with the Vice President, chosen for the
same Term, be elected, as follows in the
U.S. Const., Art. II, § 1, cl. 2–6.
SECTION 2. The inaugurations of the
President and Vice President shall occur on
the 21st day of July, 21st day of November,
and the 21st day of March following their
respective presidential elections.
SECTION 3. No person shall be elected to
the office of the President more than twice,
and no person who had held the office of
President, or acted as President, for more
than two months of a term of which some
other person was elected President shall be
elected to the office of the President more
than once. But this Article shall not prevent
any person who may be holding the office
of President, or acting as President, during
the term within which this Article becomes
operative, from holding the office of

16 THE CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED STATES
President or acting as President during the
remainder of such term.
SECTION 4. The provisions of this article
shall, after ratification by the Congress,
enter into force beginning the 20th day of
July, 2018 only upon a majority vote in the
Supreme Court of the United States.

ARTICLE XXXII.

SECTION 1. No person who, having been
disqualified from holding and enjoying any
Office of honor, Trust, or Profit under the
United States in the course of an
impeachment and conviction proceeding
under the United States Congress, shall be
a Senator or Representative in Congress,
President or Vice President of the United
States, elector of President and Vice
President, or hold any office, civil or
military, under the United States, or under
any Municipality, including positions of
Mayor, Deputy Mayor, or positions in
municipal governments.
SECTION 2. The provisions of this article
shall, in addition to affecting those in the
future disqualified, affect those who
previously have been disqualified under the
provisions of section three, clause seven, of
Article I of the Constitution of the United
States.
SECTION 3. The provisions of this article
shall, after ratification by the Congress,
enter into force immediately, only upon a
majority vote in the Supreme Court of the
United States.

ARTICLE XXXIII.
SECTION 1. Any person who, having
been disqualified from holding and
enjoying any Office of honor, Trust, or
Profit under the United States in the course
of an impeachment and conviction
proceeding under the United States
Congress may move for a post-judgement
hearing by the Senate if two-thirds of the
Senate concur therein. The Senate may,
following a post-judgement hearing, with
three-fourths concurring therein, reverse
the disqualification of any person who was
disqualified as judgement in an
impeachment trial and conviction. The
Senate may, alternatively, commute in part
the restrictions of any disqualification on
holding office.
SECTION 2. The provisions of this article
shall, after ratification by the Congress,
enter into force immediately, only upon a
majority vote in the Supreme Court of the
United States.

ARTICLE XXXIV.
SECTION 1. The eighteenth article of
amendment to the Constitution is hereby
amended to: ‘The supreme Court shall
have six judges (justices) and a Chief
Justice, and the federal district Court shall
have fifteen judges, whose count may be
expanded by Congress but not lowered past
fifteen, and judges appointed shall not be
deprived of their sitting on the Bench due
to congressional adjustment of the federal
district Court’s size.’
SECTION 2. No judge or justice shall be
deprived of sitting on the Bench due to the
adoption of this amendment.

17 THE CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED STATES

ARTICLE XXXV.

SECTION 1. The Board of Governors
shall be established as the principal body
governing the United States Military. The
President shall chair the Board, and its
voting members shall be composed of the
Secretary of Defense and the Chairman of
the Joint Chiefs of Staff. In the event of an
equal division between the voting members
of the Board, the question shall be referred
to the United States Senate, who shall vote
on the question.
SECTION 2. The Chairman of the Joint
Chiefs of Staff shall be appointed by the
President, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate. They shall hold their
office for a term of four months and may
only be removed from office on
impeachment for, and conviction of,
Severe Inactivity, Treason, Bribery, or
other high Crimes and Misdemeanors, or
upon the completion of their four-month
tenure.
SECTION 3. The President shall appoint,
by and with the advice and consent of the
Board of Governors, Service Chiefs and
Vice Service Chiefs, and may, by written
executive communication to the Board,
propose their removal, which shall take
effect upon the Board's consent.
SECTION 4. The Joint Chiefs of Staff may
appoint, by and with the advice and
consent of the Board of Governors, flag
officers of their respective branches, and
may further deliver a request to the Board
of Governors for the removal of their flag
officers, which shall take effect upon the
Board’s consent.
SECTION 5. The Board of Governors may
promulgate rules of practice and procedure

for itself, not in conflict with laws
governing such matters.

ARTICLE XXXVI.
SECTION 1. The House of
Representatives shall be composed of
Members chosen every two months by the
People. The number of Representatives,
and the times at which they shall be
chosen, shall be determined by the Federal
Elections Commission, as modified by
law. The number of Representatives shall
always be odd, shall be not fewer than
thirteen and not more than twenty-one,
and shall initially consist of seventeen
Members upon the first implementation of

this Article. The number of Represe-
ntatives may thereafter be altered by law

enacted by Congress, or by the Federal
Elections Commission where Congress has
expressly delegated such authority by law,
subject to the limitations set forth in this
Section. Immediately after the first election
held pursuant to Section 3 of this Article,
the Representatives shall be divided as
equally as may be into two Classes. The
seats of the Representatives of the first
Class shall be vacated at the expiration of
the first month, and those of the second
Class at the expiration of the second
month, so that one half may be chosen
every month. Any current Representatives
at the ratification of this Article shall
maintain their current class.
SECTION 2. The Senate of the United
States shall be composed of Senators
chosen by the People. The number of
Senators, and the times at which they shall
be chosen, shall be determined by the
Federal Elections Commission, as
modified by law; provided that the number
of Senators shall be even, shall be not fewer
than ten and not more than fourteen, and

18 THE CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED STATES
shall initially consist of ten Senators upon
the first implementation of this Article. The
number of Senators may thereafter be
altered by law enacted by Congress, or by
the Federal Elections Commission where
Congress has expressly delegated such
authority by law, subject to the limitations
set forth in this Section. Each Senator shall
have one vote. Immediately after the first
election held pursuant to Section 3 of this
Article, the Senators shall be divided as
equally as may be into two Classes. The
seats of the Senators of the first Class shall
be vacated at the expiration of the second
month, and those of the second Class at the
expiration of the fourth month, so that one
half may be chosen every second month.
Any current Senators at the ratification of
this Article shall maintain their current
class.
SECTION 3. Sections 1 & 2 of this Article
shall take effect upon the end of the current
Congress following its ratification, and the
first elections held thereafter shall be
conducted in accordance with this Article.
Each new Congress shall convene
following the election of the first class of
the House of Representatives, each session
lasting half of the entire duration of a
Congress.
SECTION 4. Nothing in this Article shall
be construed to shorten, lessen, or
otherwise impair the term of any Member
of Congress serving at the time of
ratification of this Article. Any extension
or diminution of terms permitted under
this Article shall apply only to offices the
terms of which commence after the
expiration of the terms then in effect.
SECTION 5. All elections for the
President, Vice President, House of
Representatives, and Senate shall be held
on the same recurring dates

established for federal elections every
month, as determined by the Federal
Elections Commission, as modified by
law. Elections shall occur on those dates
according to the expiration of their
respective terms, whichever office it may
be. No change in such dates shall operate
to extend or diminish the term of any
officer then serving. This section shall not
be construed to lengthen or diminish
currently existing term lengths.
SECTION 6. In the event of a vacancy in
either House of Congress, the President
shall have the power to nominate an
individual to fill such vacancy. A
presidential nomination shall take effect
only upon the approval of three fifths of the
full membership of the House in which the
vacancy exists, taken in public forum. If the
President fails to submit a nomination
within fourteen days after such vacancy
arises, the Senate or the House of
Representatives, respectively, may
nominate an individual to fill the vacancy.
Such nomination shall take effect only
upon the approval of three fifths of the full
membership of the respective House, taken
in public forum, and upon approval by the
President or the Vice President. Any
individual appointed pursuant to this
Section shall possess the qualifications
required by this Constitution for the office
to which they are appointed and shall serve
for such duration as may be otherwise
provided by law.
SECTION 7. Each House shall keep a
Journal of its Proceedings, and from time
to time publish the same, excepting such
Parts as may in their Judgment require
Secrecy; and the Yeas and Nays of the
Members of either House on any question
shall, at the Desire of one fifth of those
Present, be entered on the Journal. For the
purposes of any vote, proceeding, or

19 THE CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED STATES
action, any required majority or
supermajority shall be determined on the
basis of Members present and voting,
provided a quorum exists, and not of the
total membership; but each House may, by
rule, require a greater proportion, for
specific questions. No vote, proceeding, or
action shall be required to be conducted on
forum, unless provided for in this Article;
provided that a quorum of one third is
present, which may be increased by rule.
SECTION 8. The twenty-third article of
amendment to this Constitution is hereby
repealed. Congress shall have power, by
law, to prescribe the form of an oath or
affirmation to be taken by all officers under
the United States. Such oath or affirmation
shall be taken before the respective
chambers of Congress for its Members, and
before such authorities as Congress may by
law direct for all other officers.
SECTION 9. Congress shall have the
power to enforce this Article through
appropriate legislation.